Hi, guys.
Welcome back.
I promise we have almost reached the interesting coding part, but before that, I want to give you
a brief overview of what the latest version of Chrome extension is and how it differs from the previous
version.
You might see a few things that you don't understand, but don't worry, we will cover that stuff again
later.
Just try to get a feel for things and I promise things will become clearer.
So recently Google released Chrome Manifest version three, a major update that introduced a number
of significant changes and improvements.
These changes were designed to improve the security performance, reliability of Chrome extensions,
as well as to make the development process easier for developers.
Or at least that is the official story.
It has actually made development more difficult because of the poor documentation provided for Chrome
manifest Version three.
The most important change is the use of service workers instead of background scripts.
But don't worry, I will tell you what these are in the coming videos.
Also, one of the key changes in Chrome Manifest version three is the introduction of declarative request,
a new API that allows extensions to modify network request using declarative routes.
So we will cover that in detail as well.
Also an important change in this version is that in the introduction of isolated words which allow extensions
to run in their own dedicated processes, this helps the this helps to prevent extensions from interfering
with each other and improves the overall stability of the browser.
Okay.
Now for the boring stuff.
I promise we will start hands on coding very soon.